Improvements
============

Various improvements

```
2026-04-18		🔧🪛		new task
2026-04-24		v0.3		done
```


Beziers
-------

Finally have a working example of a smoothly closed bezier curve, using cubics this time.

I think I can maybe get it going for quadratics, but might need a minimum number of nodes? Not sure yet, may not work.

In general thought the bezier code is pretty ordinary and could use more improvement, i chopped most of it together pretty quickly originally.



Visibility change, play/pause, and a main interval timer
--------------------------------------------------------

Trying to figure out what to do here, and am currently split a few ways.

At the moment most of the modules implement their own interval timers, but want to add the option of having a 'main' one.

Problems is in some circumstances a module might want it's own timers, or no timer at all.

Also it's pretty clear I'll probably need more timer settings overall for things like css animations.
Whether these all need to be exposed in the UI is another question.
There's no way to UI *everything*.
So some things will need to be implicit to the screensaver, or maybe allow for custom css stylesheets (similar but different to the presets I have now).

So still trying to decide how to handle all of this.

On top of that I really need to add a wholesale pause when the visibility changes to hidden.
My first attempt didn't work too well.


### Timing ideas

* Have a main speed slider that offers a few speed presets like quarter/half/1x/double/quad a bit like a video player like vlc or yt?
* Allow for setting a core tempo in something like bpm? Or with keyboard taps/some other external source?
* The module then needs to obey the main app's core tempo/interval setting for it's core updates
* Visual beats could be constructed out of the main tempo by the module as needed
* There's probably a better way to construct timing maps like this now instead of good'ol setInterval, need to dig back into the animation apis

### Style ideas

* The style bits that have made it into the UI so far will eventually need to be rationalised, some can stay, some might need to be stashed away into collapsible panel sections or discarded
* Custom css override applied with a popout style element w/ `contenteditable=plaintext-only`
* Upload a custom stylesheet file? could be dangerous....



Timing and updates
------------------

I've started abstracting some of the animation code to allow for more animation styles.

But right now I really want to get the main timing loop sorted out.




Wrapup
------

* Added smoothly closed cubic bezier curve
* Have split the module form code out out in a couple of places
* Started working on a testing mode, but on the backburner for the minute
* Centralised the main interval loop code
* Changed the dash animation select to become a general animation select up higher, have added a couple of stroke-width animations
* Added a couple of multiplier sliders to speed up/slow down the transitions and animations by factors of the main loop interval
* Added auto-pause of interval and animation on visibility state changing to hidden
* Turfed out the old disco/goldenrod theme, added "firebrick"








